1.Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2 ?  

HTTP -Hypertext Transfer Protocol.
HTTP1.1 :

  1.HTTP1.1 which was created in 1997.
  2.It works on the textual format.
  3.It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages.	
  4.It compresses data by itself.	
  5.There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.	
	
HTTP2 :
    
 1.HTTP/2 which was created in 2015.
 2.It works on the binary protocol.
 3.It uses HPACK for data compression.
 4.It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages.
 5.It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.  
 

2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript?
  
1.Objects, in JavaScript, is it’s most important data-type and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript.
2.These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol).
3.In the sense that while these primitive data-types all store a single value each(depending are the type).
4.Objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs.
5.These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.


Example,
let car={
a:"start",
b:"end"
}

 3.Read about IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address ?

 IP address:
  An IP address uniquely identifies a device on a network. You've seen these addresses before.
  they look something like 192.168.1.34.

   port:
  The port property sets or returns the port number of a URL.
  example,
   let port = location.port; 

 HTTP methods:
 1. The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
 2.HTTP is designed to enable communications between clients and servers.
 3.HTTP methods(GET,POST,PUT,HEAD,DELETE,CONNECT,OPTIONS,TRACE,PATCH)

 MAC address:

 1.MAC (Media Access Control)
2.address is a unique identifier assigned to a network interface controller.
 Example,
 var macaddress = require('macaddress');

  


